Pre 1.5.1 -> v1.5 (#218)
smartmind-team/thanosql-docs: docs/en/getting_started/paas/workspace/query_manager.md

Each workspace provides the public schema and temporary result tables by default. Queries that do not specify a schema will refer to tables in the public schema. Any query executed in the query editor that produces results in tabular form will be stored as a `Temporary Result Table` with a random table name. This allows you to reuse previous query results as needed.

#### **Table / View Information**

The Database Explorer provides information about tables/views within the schema. Click the table name to see the following information.

##### Table Schema

You can check the column name, data type, and nullability of the table/view.

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_14.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_14.png)

##### Preview

You can quickly understand the contents of that data table.

!!! warning
    You cannot edit the data table in the preview.

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_15.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_15.png)

##### Definition

> You can see the definition (query statement) of that view.

Reviewer: [제안]
```suggestion
You can see the definition (query statement) of the view.

```

Each workspace provides the public schema and temporary result tables by default. Queries that do not specify a schema will refer to tables in the public schema. Any query executed in the query editor that produces results in tabular form will be stored as a `Temporary Result Table` with a random table name. This allows you to reuse previous query results as needed.

#### **Table / View Information**

> The Database Explorer provides information about tables/views within the schema. Click the table name to see the following information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Database Explorer provides information about tables/views within the schema. Click on the table/view name to see the following information.
```

##### Table Schema

You can check the column name, data type, and nullability of the table/view.

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_14.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_14.png)

##### Preview

> You can quickly understand the contents of that data table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can quickly see the contents of the selected table/view.
```

!!! warning

>     You cannot edit the data table in the preview.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You cannot edit data tables in the preview.
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_15.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_15.png)

##### Definition

> You can see the definition (query statement) of the view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see the definition (query statement) of the selected view.
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_13.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_13.png)

### **Managing Templates**

You can manage table templates and query templates. Move by clicking the menu button located in the upper right corner of the Database Explorer.

#### **Table Template**    

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_18.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_18.png)

> ① Returns to the query editor. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Return to the query editor. 
```

> ② Go to the Create Table Template page to create a table template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Go to the "Create Table Template" page to create a new table template.
```

> ③ You can enter a table template name to find the table template you want. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
③ Enter a table template name to find the table template you want. 
```

> ④ Sort by creation date, name (upward, downward).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
④ Sort by creation date or name (ascending or descending).
```

> ⑤ Look up the versions of the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑤ Look up the versions of the table template.
```

⑥ View table template details. 

> ⑦ Compatibility with date created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑦ Compatibility and creation date of the table template.
```

> **Create table templates** 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Creating table templates** 
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_19.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_19.png)

① Enter the name of the table template to save. 

> ② When you create a new version, the version is fixed at 1.0. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② When you create a new table template, the version is fixed at 1.0. 
```

> ③ Enter the column information to enter in the table template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
③ Fill in the column information to include in the table template. 
```

> ④ Cancel the creation of table templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
④ Cancel the creation of the table template.
```

> ⑤ Create a table template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑤ Confirm the creation of the table template.
```

> **View Table Template Details**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Viewing table template details**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_20.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_20.png)

> ① Returns to the query editor. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Return to the query editor. 
```

> ② Delete the template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Delete the table template. 
```

> ③ Select the version of the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
③ Select the version of the table template.
```

> ④ Create a new version of the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
④ Create a new version of the table template.
```

> ⑤ Delete the corresponding version of the template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑤ Delete the corresponding version of the table template.
```

> ⑥ Compatibility with date created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑥ Compatibility and creation date of the table template.
```

**Modifying table templates**

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_21.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_21.png)

> ① You can tell if this is the current table template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Table template name to indicate the current table template.
```

> ② You can lower the version or upload it. (It should not be the same as the previous version.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Enter new version (it should not be the same as the previous version).
```

> ③ You can add, delete, or modify columns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
③ Add, delete, or modify columns.
```

> **Save table templates**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Saving table templates**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_22.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_22.png)

① Enter the name of the table template to save.

> **Import table templates**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Importing table templates**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_23.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_23.png)

> ① You can search by table template name to find it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① You can search by name to find the table template to import.
```

> #### **Query template**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### **Query Template**
```

Use the query tool to save/recall query templates.

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_24.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_24.png)

> **Save Query Template**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Saving query templates**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_25.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_25.png)

> ① Query Template Name window: Enter the name of the query template you want to save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Query Template Name: Enter the name of the query template you want to save.
```

> ② Query Statement Type window: Type the query statement you want to save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Query Statement: Type the query statement you want to save.
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_26.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_26.png)

> ① Query Template Name Type window: Search by the saved query template name and locate it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Query Template Search Bar: Search by name to find saved query templates.
```

> **Managing Query Templates**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Managing query templates**
```

> Click the **`Draw'** button located to the right of Database in the Database Explorer to open the Add Table Data menu and click Manage Query Templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click the **`Draw`** button located to the right of "Database" in the Database Explorer to open the "Add Table Data" menu and click "Manage Query Templates".
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_27.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_27.png)

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_28.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_28.png)

① Navigate to the page where you can create query templates.

> ② You can enter a name for the query template to find the desired query template.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Enter query template name to find the desired query template.  
```

> ③ Sort by modification date, name by name (upward, downward).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
③ Sort by update date or name (ascending or descending).
```

> ④ You can know the date of modification.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
④ Check the date of latest update.  
```

> ⑤ A button that takes you to the View Template Details page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⑤ Go to the "View Template Details" page.
```

> **Create Query Template**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Creating query templates**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_29.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_29.png)

① Type the name of the query template that you want to save. 

② Type the query statement you want to save.

> **View query template details**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Viewing query template details**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_30.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_30.png)

> ① Delete or modify the template. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Delete or modify the query template. 
```

> ② Date created and date of update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Date of creation and date of update.
```

> **To modify a query template**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Modifying query templates**
```

[![IMAGE](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_31.png){: style="max-height:none"}](../../../img/getting_started/paas/workspace/qm_img_31.png)

> ① Modify the name of the query template that you want to save. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
① Modify the name of the query template. 
```

> ② Modify the query statement to save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
② Modify the query statement.
```
